Tran Lac Dao lets fate take its course, and in
times of hardship, he finds treasure within his family, so he does not seek it. Facing the scene with a detached
mind, he does not question Zen.
But the lineage of Tran Kham,
from the moment of his birth, Prince Tran Kham was
endowed with the pure essence of a sage, a dignified and virtuous appearance
like gold, a perfect physique, and a
bright spirit. Now, although he holds the position of prince and
has a happy marriage, he has the
aspiration to become a Buddhist monk and attain enlightenment.
He obeys his father, the
king, and remains to protect the nation and its people. "
Father,
for countless generations,
our Great Viet nation has been invaded many times,
causing the people to fall into misery and
suffering.
When I ascend the throne,
I will use Buddhist teachings and the
Six Harmonies to guide the people.
Only in this way can the people be peaceful and
united,
and no force can invade.
If the people are peaceful and united,
then our Great Viet nation
will
be peaceful and independent."
[Music] "
Father, I do this for the destiny of the
people and the country. You
know
my wish is to practice asceticism,
but now, for the sake of
continuing the ancestral legacy, I
will strive to make it happen."  When the country is peaceful and
the people are happy,
when the country of Thai Binh
has a
successor, I will renounce the world and become a monk.
Please rest assured, Father King.
[Music]
[Music] My
heart rejoices in the Dharma, I wish to leave worldly life, but I will never neglect filial piety. When the nation is in danger, I will shoulder the burden of restoration, a
miracle will be performed for generations to come.
After succeeding to the throne, I will witness the revival of Dai Viet.
Emperor Nhan Tong twice led the army and
people against the remnants of the Mongol invaders. [
Music]
[Music] The
king took Buddhist philosophy as his
guiding principle, using the Six Harmonies practice of
Buddhism to teach the people to cultivate wisdom and virtue. We unite our
hearts to build a
peaceful life and a peaceful country.
After abdicating the throne to Emperor Tran Anh
Tong, he went to Yen Tu mountain to practice
asceticism and guide the monks. The people took refuge in the Three Jewels and practiced the
Five Precepts.
[Music]